Add prettier .hbs writeup (#908)
ember-learn/ember-blog: content/the-ember-times-issue-173.md

---

## [Prettier for .hbs 😀](https://dev.to/jelhan/format-glimmer-templates-with-prettier-ipa)

Prettier is coming to an Ember `.hbs` file near you! [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) is a popular opinionated code formatter. New Ember projects get Prettier out of the box for `.js` files, and existing projects can adopt Prettier with [`ember-cli-update`](https://cli.emberjs.com/release/basic-use/upgrading/).

> Check out [Jeldrik Hanschke (@jelhan)'s](https://github.com/jelhan) post [Format Glimmer templates with Prettier](https://dev.to/jelhan/format-glimmer-templates-with-prettier-ipa) and [tweet](https://twitter.com/jelhan1/status/1358537538932248576) to learn how to configure Prettier for Ember `.hbs` files, with specific tips to Prettier `.hbs` on save in VSCode. Note: Prettier for Glimmer templates does not (yet) respect meaningful whitespaces, which will be problematic if your application is not internationalized (i18n'd). Give it a try in your app to see if there are any gotchas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out [Jeldrik Hanschke (@jelhan)'s](https://github.com/jelhan) post [Format Glimmer templates with Prettier](https://dev.to/jelhan/format-glimmer-templates-with-prettier-ipa) and [tweet](https://twitter.com/jelhan1/status/1358537538932248576) to learn how to configure Prettier for Ember `.hbs` files, with specific tips to Prettier `.hbs` on save in VS Code. Note: Prettier for Glimmer templates does not (yet) respect meaningful whitespaces, which will be problematic if your application is not internationalized (i18n'd). Give it a try in your app to see if there are any gotchas.
```

> Check out [Jeldrik Hanschke (@jelhan)'s](https://github.com/jelhan) post [Format Glimmer templates with Prettier](https://dev.to/jelhan/format-glimmer-templates-with-prettier-ipa) and [tweet](https://twitter.com/jelhan1/status/1358537538932248576) to learn how to configure Prettier for Ember `.hbs` files, with specific tips to Prettier `.hbs` on save in VS Code. Note: Prettier for Glimmer templates does not (yet) respect meaningful whitespaces, which will be problematic if your application is not internationalized (i18n'd). Give it a try in your app to see if there are any gotchas.

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- alex ignore whitespaces -->
Check out [Jeldrik Hanschke (@jelhan)'s](https://github.com/jelhan) post [Format Glimmer templates with Prettier](https://dev.to/jelhan/format-glimmer-templates-with-prettier-ipa) and [tweet](https://twitter.com/jelhan1/status/1358537538932248576) to learn how to configure Prettier for Ember `.hbs` files, with specific tips to Prettier `.hbs` on save in VS Code. Note: Prettier for Glimmer templates does not (yet) respect meaningful whitespaces, which will be problematic if your application is not internationalized (i18n'd). Give it a try in your app to see if there are any gotchas.
```
